product-trial-license (#3742)
mattermost/docs: source/overview/product.rst

- Extensive integration support via `webhooks, APIs, drivers <https://docs.mattermost.com/guides/integration.html>`__ and `third party extensions <https://about.mattermost.com/default-app-directory/>`__
- Easily scalable to dozens of users per team
- New features and improvements released every two months
- Multiple languages including U.S. English, Chinese (Simplified and Traditional), Dutch, French, German, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Polish, Brazilian Portuguese, Romanian, Russian, Turkish, Spanish, and Ukrainian

To get started, `download the open source Mattermost Team Edition server <https://about.mattermost.com/download>`__ under an MIT license.

Mattermost Enterprise Edition
----------------------------

To explore the benefits of Mattermost's enterprise features, you can replace the Mattermost Team Edition binary with a `Mattermost Enterprise Edition binary <https://about.mattermost.com/download>`__. This version supports upgrading to Mattermost Enterprise Edition E10 or E20.

> Once you've downloaded and installed Mattermost Enterprise Edition you have the option to use it as-is, or you can access Enterprise Edition E20 features such as AD/LDAP, Guest Accounts, read-only channels, and advanced compliance support for a trial period. You can initiate the trial period via **System Console > Licenses and Editions > Start trial**.

Author: ```suggestion
Once you've downloaded and installed Mattermost Enterprise Edition you have the option to use it as-is, or you can access Enterprise Edition E20 features such as AD/LDAP, Guest Accounts, read-only channels, and advanced compliance support for a trial period. Start an Enterprise E20 trial via **Main Menu > System Console > Edition and License > Start trial**.
```
